Scratchpad

Disney, Nintendo, and race teams largely ignore or forget what anyone else is doing. You have to do it your way. Compare results not methods, at least initially. 

/Quote.jpeg

“To keep an operation like Disneyland going you have to pour it in there. It’s what I call ‘keeping the show on the road’. You have to keep throwing it in; you can’t sit back and let it ride. Not just new attractions, but keeping it staffed properly ... you know, never letting your personnel get sloppy ... never let them be unfriendly. That’s been our policy all our lives. My brother and I have done that and that is what has built our organization.”

“I happen to be a kind of inquisitive guy and when I see things I don’t like, I start thinking why do they have to be like this and how can I improve them?”

“The corporation gets its vitality from what we create.”

“I’ve never called my work ‘art’. It’s part of show business, the business of building entertainment.”

“Get a good idea, and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it’s done, and done right.”

“I use the whole plant for ideas. If the janitor has a good idea, I’d use it.”

“The past 10 years have been just sort of a dress rehearsal. We’re just getting started, so if any of you starts to rest on your laurels, just forget it.”

“The first year I leased out the parking concession, brought in the usual security guards — things like that. But I soon realized my mistake. I couldn’t have outside help and still get over my idea of hospitality. So now we recruit and train every one of our employees. I tell the security police, for instance, that they never are to consider themselves cops. They are here to help people. The visitors are our guests. It’s like running a fine restaurant. Once you get the policy going, it grows.”

“You don’t build it for yourself. You know what the people want and build it for them.”

“It’s kind of fun to do the impossible.”

“Everything here is a team effort.”

“I could never convince the financiers that Disneyland was feasible, because dreams offer too little collateral.”

“Every time films get dirtier, our box office goes up.”

“When they come here they’re coming because of an integrity that we’ve established over the years. And they drive hundreds of miles. I feel a responsibility to the public.”

“There’s many ways that you can use those certain basic things and give them a new decor, a new treatment. I’ve been doing that with Disneyland. Some of my things I’ve redone as I’ve gone along, reshaped them.”

“You get in, we call them gag sessions. We get in there and toss ideas around. And we throw them in and out all the minds together and come up with something and say a little prayer and open it and hope it will go.”

“There’s really no secret about our approach. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we’re curious ... 
and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. We’re always exploring and experimenting. At WED, we call it imagineering — the blending of creative imagination with technical know-how.”

“Disneyland is not just another amusement park. It’s unique, and I want to keep it that way. Besides, you don’t work for a dollar -- you work to create and have fun.”

"Everybody thinks that park (Disneyland) is a gold mine -- but we have had our problems. You've got to work it and know how to handle it. Even trying to keep that park clean is a tremendous expense. And those sharp pencil guys will tell you, 'Walt, if we cut down on maintenance, we'd save a lot of money.' But I don't believe in that -- it's like any other show on the road; it must be kept clean and fresh."

